In computer science and operations research, a genetic algorithm (GA) is a metaheuristic inspired by the process of natural selection
that belongs to the larger class of evolutionary algorithms (EA). Genetic algorithms are commonly used to generate high-quality solutions
to optimization and search problems by relying on bio-inspired operators such as mutation, crossover and selection.
John Holland introduced genetic algorithms in 1960 based on the concept of Darwin’s theory of evolution;
afterwards, his student David E. Goldberg extended GA in 1989.

In a genetic algorithm, a population of candidate solutions (called individuals, creatures, or phenotypes) to an optimization problem
is evolved toward better solutions. Each candidate solution has a set of properties (its chromosomes or genotype) which can be mutated
and altered; traditionally, solutions are represented in binary as strings of 0s and 1s, but other encodings are also possible.

The evolution usually starts from a population of randomly generated individuals, and is an iterative process, with the population in
each iteration called a generation. In each generation, the fitness of every individual in the population is evaluated; the fitness is
usually the value of the objective function in the optimization problem being solved. The more fit individuals are stochastically selected
from the current population, and each individual's genome is modified (recombined and possibly randomly mutated) to form a new generation.
The new generation of candidate solutions is then used in the next iteration of the algorithm. Commonly, the algorithm terminates when
either a maximum number of generations has been produced, or a satisfactory fitness level has been reached for the population.

A typical genetic algorithm requires:
- genetic representation of the solution domain
- fitness function to evaluate the solution domain.

The population size depends on the nature of the problem, but typically contains several hundreds or thousands of possible solutions.
Often, the initial population is generated randomly, allowing the entire range of possible solutions (the search space).
Occasionally, the solutions may be "seeded" in areas where optimalsolutions are likely to be found.
